c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.exe
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.pdb
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Grid.Base.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Grid.Windows.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Shared.Base.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Shared.Windows.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Tools.Base.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Tools.Windows.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.SpellChecker.Base.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Grid.Base.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Grid.Windows.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Shared.Base.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Shared.Windows.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Tools.Base.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Tools.Windows.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.SpellChecker.Base.xml
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Grid.Windows.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\obj\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\obj\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\obj\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\obj\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.exe
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\obj\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.pdb
c:\users\ronelito\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2\obj\Debug\AUTOMATA_MC_LC2.LexicalAnalyzer.resources
